README.md, before:

# Skill Dock

> Local-first agent skill manager for VS Code / Cursor.

[![CI](https://github.com/yen0304/Skill-Dock/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yen0304/Skill-Dock/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-%3E%3D1.85.0-blue?logo=visual-studio-code)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

Browse, create, edit, delete, and import agent skills across any project — supporting multiple AI assistant formats.

---

## Features

### Skill Library

Skills are stored locally on your machine (`~/.skilldock/skills/` by default).  
Full CRUD operations: create, view, edit, delete, duplicate, and search.

### Sidebar Browser

- **Skill Library** panel — browse all locally stored skills
- **Repo Skills** panel — view skills already in the current project, grouped by format

### Manager Dashboard

A full-featured webview panel for managing your skill library with search, import, and delete capabilities.

### Import to Any Repo

Import skills from your library into the current workspace. Choose the target format:

| Format | Directory | Description |
|--------|-----------|-------------|
| Claude | `.claude/skills/` | Claude Code / Claude Desktop |
| Cursor | `.cursor/skills/` | Cursor IDE |
| Codex | `.codex/skills/` | OpenAI Codex (with scaffold dirs) |
| GitHub | `.github/skills/` | GitHub-based format |

Multi-select import supported. Save repo skills back to your library.

### Skill Editor

Visual form-based editor for creating and editing skills — metadata fields (name, description, author, version, license, tags) and Markdown body.

### Multi-Language Support

| Language | Code |
|----------|------|
| English | `en` (default) |
| 繁體中文 | `zh-tw` |
| 日本語 | `ja` |

Follows your VS Code display language automatically.

---

## Installation

### From VSIX (Local Build)

```bash
cd skilldock-vscode
npm install
npm run package
code --install-extension skill-dock-0.1.0.vsix
```

Or in VS Code: **Extensions** → **…** → **Install from VSIX…**

---

## Commands

All commands are available via `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on macOS) under the **Skill Dock** category.

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `Skill Dock: Create New Skill` | Create a new skill in your library |
| `Skill Dock: Edit Skill` | Edit an existing skill |
| `Skill Dock: Delete Skill` | Delete a skill from library |
| `Skill Dock: View Skill` | Open SKILL.md in the editor |
| `Skill Dock: Import Skill to Repo` | Import skill(s) to the current project |
| `Skill Dock: Save Skill to Library` | Save a repo skill to your local library |
| `Skill Dock: Duplicate Skill` | Duplicate a skill as a template |
| `Skill Dock: Search Skills` | Search skills by keyword |
| `Skill Dock: Open Skill Manager` | Open the manager dashboard |
| `Skill Dock: Open Library Folder` | Reveal library folder in OS file manager |

---

## Configuration

| Setting | Default | Description |
|---------|---------|-------------|
| `skilldock.libraryPath` | `~/.skilldock/skills` | Custom path for the skill library |
| `skilldock.defaultTarget` | `claude` | Default target format when importing |
| `skilldock.showRepoSkills` | `true` | Show the Repo Skills panel |

---

## Skill Format

Skills use the `SKILL.md` convention with YAML frontmatter:

```markdown
---
name: my-skill
description: What this skill does and when to use it.
license: MIT
metadata:
  author: your-name
  version: "1.0"
---

# My Skill

Instructions and workflow content here...
```

---

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Compile
npm run compile

# Watch mode
npm run watch

# Lint
npm run lint

# Format
npm run format

# Package
npm run package
```

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed development guidelines.

---

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before getting started.

## Security

For security concerns, please see our [Security Policy](SECURITY.md).

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for a list of changes.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © Skill Dock Contributors

Commit message:

docs: add marketplace install links and remove Co-authored-by

README.md, after:

# Skill Dock

> Local-first agent skill manager for VS Code / Cursor.

[![CI](https://github.com/yen0304/Skill-Dock/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yen0304/Skill-Dock/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![VS Code Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/skill-dock.skill-dock?label=VS%20Code%20Marketplace&logo=visual-studio-code)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=skill-dock.skill-dock)
[![Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/skill-dock.skill-dock?logo=visual-studio-code)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=skill-dock.skill-dock)

Browse, create, edit, delete, and import agent skills across any project — supporting multiple AI assistant formats.

## Quick Install

**VS Code Marketplace** (when published):

[![Install in VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20in-VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)](vscode:extension/skill-dock.skill-dock)

Or search **"Skill Dock"** in the VS Code Extensions panel (`Ctrl+Shift+X`).

**Manual install from VSIX:**

```bash
code --install-extension skill-dock-0.1.0.vsix
```

---

## Features

### Skill Library

Skills are stored locally on your machine (`~/.skilldock/skills/` by default).  
Full CRUD operations: create, view, edit, delete, duplicate, and search.

### Sidebar Browser

- **Skill Library** panel — browse all locally stored skills
- **Repo Skills** panel — view skills already in the current project, grouped by format

### Manager Dashboard

A full-featured webview panel for managing your skill library with search, import, and delete capabilities.

### Import to Any Repo

Import skills from your library into the current workspace. Choose the target format:

| Format | Directory | Description |
|--------|-----------|-------------|
| Claude | `.claude/skills/` | Claude Code / Claude Desktop |
| Cursor | `.cursor/skills/` | Cursor IDE |
| Codex | `.codex/skills/` | OpenAI Codex (with scaffold dirs) |
| GitHub | `.github/skills/` | GitHub-based format |

Multi-select import supported. Save repo skills back to your library.

### Skill Editor

Visual form-based editor for creating and editing skills — metadata fields (name, description, author, version, license, tags) and Markdown body.

### Multi-Language Support

| Language | Code |
|----------|------|
| English | `en` (default) |
| 繁體中文 | `zh-tw` |
| 日本語 | `ja` |

Follows your VS Code display language automatically.

---

## Commands

All commands are available via `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on macOS) under the **Skill Dock** category.

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `Skill Dock: Create New Skill` | Create a new skill in your library |
| `Skill Dock: Edit Skill` | Edit an existing skill |
| `Skill Dock: Delete Skill` | Delete a skill from library |
| `Skill Dock: View Skill` | Open SKILL.md in the editor |
| `Skill Dock: Import Skill to Repo` | Import skill(s) to the current project |
| `Skill Dock: Save Skill to Library` | Save a repo skill to your local library |
| `Skill Dock: Duplicate Skill` | Duplicate a skill as a template |
| `Skill Dock: Search Skills` | Search skills by keyword |
| `Skill Dock: Open Skill Manager` | Open the manager dashboard |
| `Skill Dock: Open Library Folder` | Reveal library folder in OS file manager |

---

## Configuration

| Setting | Default | Description |
|---------|---------|-------------|
| `skilldock.libraryPath` | `~/.skilldock/skills` | Custom path for the skill library |
| `skilldock.defaultTarget` | `claude` | Default target format when importing |
| `skilldock.showRepoSkills` | `true` | Show the Repo Skills panel |

---

## Skill Format

Skills use the `SKILL.md` convention with YAML frontmatter:

```markdown
---
name: my-skill
description: What this skill does and when to use it.
license: MIT
metadata:
  author: your-name
  version: "1.0"
---

# My Skill

Instructions and workflow content here...
```

---

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Compile
npm run compile

# Watch mode
npm run watch

# Lint
npm run lint

# Format
npm run format

# Package
npm run package
```

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed development guidelines.

---

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before getting started.

## Security

For security concerns, please see our [Security Policy](SECURITY.md).

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for a list of changes.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © Skill Dock Contributors
